# mysql-assignment8
In this assignment I have done 1. Found the number of persons in each country. 2. Found the number of persons in each country sorted from high to low. 3. Found out an average rating for Persons in respective countries if the average is greater than 4.0 4. Found the countries with the same rating as the USA. (Use Subqueries) 5. Selected all countries whose population is greater than the average population of all nations. Created a database named Product and create a table called Customer with the following fields in the Product database: Customer_Id - Make PRIMARY KEY First_name Last_name Email Phone_no Address City State Zip_code Country 1. Created a view named customer_info for the Customer table that displays Customer’s Full name and email address. Then performed the SELECT operation for the customer_info view. 2. Created a view named US_Customers that displays customers located in the US. 3. Created another view named Customer_details with columns full name(Combine first_name and last_name), email, phone_no, and state. 4. Updated phone numbers of customers who live in California for Customer_details view. 5. Counted the number of customers in each state and show only states with more than 5 customers. 6. Wrote a query that will return the number of customers in each state, based on the "state" column in the "customer_details" view. 7. Wrote a query that returns all the columns from the "customer_details" view, sorted by the "state" column in ascending order.
